Look
without peña dosa does not mark the lack of
Engage the nobel who is not
blame for this fast a match the
america goltz kite is missing goal
America then the ball
the arbitration but what do you say no
persons in a pantheon, the triumph is
victory is like pumas because it
long 90 minutes was a team
who risked more attempt more so
best saints had its 23 arrivals from
crossbar generated a lot of football and then
I believe that he within those controversies
that arise is the wind is just put
for the action
I do not say the defense over the goalkeeper
of the cougars
a body part of the body the same
goalkeeper is playing the top totally
the three of you may see it is
impossible good no there was inside 11
ended but not at 401 no but no
rest must no longer get worse
and I do not want to go into other
comments but what has been the
performance of our team what is the
analysis the ball entered or center and if not
entered it was criminal because he will remove with
the hand the ball that is the goal
there is a recargon on mill that already
our task is your task
of these analyzes that you do well you have to
do it also in depth because in
the court when many teams leave
They will also play two I think there
three teams on the court and soccer
goes through what is the good of all
those three teams that can add to the
show I would like you to tell me
that third team
who is that third team to you not
you know a soccer game there are not three
teams on the court there are no three teams
on the court
and I'm the one who has to tell you who
is the 3rd team someone to help me
please is this sports reporter
then what do you say in front of
all or you want me to jesse I say
of the arbitration team is not a team
it's not a referee team four
elements is not a team that is what
you wanted to hear thank you very much
if you do not have you can you tell me what
I have is clear I do not know if this word
you can say it or not but I do not care
we are the ones in this tournament and we deserve
respect then we are for what
be in the last three games against
who is also in the last three
matches because what interests me is
that play with this attitude play with
this quality because that's how it can be
win our lost
then to organize a team that
you know where it's going to get clear that there
than to give the time, they do not show us
with this taking responsibility for
nothing I do not have ghosts I have no misgivings
I am not afraid of my work, my homework
then it is not enough for me to take the
decisions
surely he also has where to go
it's going badly, I do not have problems with that
it does not take away my sleep anymore, you do not want to continue
doing my job as it is here and I continue
my life with super conscience
quiet because I have roofs of
glass I do not owe anything
it is me who come this
team is going to be a seasonal team and
that you will be after
evaluate
Thank you
very well the truth is very well expressed
He really is very right
three teams in the field then twelve
teams that face and the four
referees that you decide on the match
They decide today that China is upset to
we
it's part of the game in mistakes like
of the players
of course but he maybe what
it was not express is that it has been worked
but play the matches
they are going to repeat and they are violating and being
ears and that center ball came in
deciding
but jose ramón that play to us
among all of us many
from the press until now many
they say that the center and those that do not enter
perfect and the referee can be wrong
if he is alive with others he is wrong but
you're wrong that's why we agree
We are fat but I josé what was
saying is that a reporter asks
there are two teams there is no 323 I'm going to
tell
but not that he does not play one of the
time spent the habit to decide without
barely
goodbye to heaven
those years are for the arbitrators not
we will enter beautiful before you wait outside
on the line is not for the referees
I understand there I like it formally
honey, I like them very well
very good is a great technician but not for
hold everyone responsible for the week
of what the cougars have generated
So now they got one day
security is loving
the mother country for not Brazil is because
that's why but it has nothing to do
so you can not blame
always to others with his commandments
in america they do not bring it in the crosshairs